README.md, before:

# Druid-on-rails

![alt tag](http://media.indiedb.com/images/articles/1/172/171072/auto/druidarcher_o.gif)



### Here you will find links, code and hacks !

* [Summary](#summary)
  * [Interview Preparations for Rails jobs](#interview-preparations-for-rails-jobs)
  * [How to begin ROR](#how-to-begin-ror)
  * [Channels and videos](#channels-and-videos)
  * [Books](#books)
  * [Articles](#articles)
  * [Blogs](#blogs)
  * [Rails talks](#rails-talks)
  * [Gems](#gems)
  * [Open Source Projects](#open-source-projects)
  * [Libraries](#libraries)
  * [Tools](#tools)
  * [My Projects](#my-projects)
  * [Misc](#misc)
  * [Gists](#gists)


---

## Interview Preparations for Ruby/Rails jobs

### Do Mock Interviews on Pramp - using ruby

https://pramp.com/

### RUBY ON RAILS Interview Questions That Will Land You The Job!

http://blog.mypath.io/ruby-on-rails-interview-questions-that-will-land-you-the-job/

### Ruby online test

https://www.testdome.com/tests/ruby-online-test/52

### RubyConf 2015 - The Art of Ruby Technical Interviews by Chris Mar

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZNfSQKC-Yk

---

## How to begin ROR


### Article: How I trained to learn rails 

https://medium.com/how-i-learned-ruby-rails/how-i-trained-to-learn-rails-e08c94e2a51e#.hb64getuy


### Article : How I finally learned to build stuff with Rails

https://medium.com/ruby-on-rails/how-i-finally-learned-rails-95e9b832675b#.wkzetkhty

### Reddit post: How I learned Rails from absolute scratch — and got to the point where I get offered jobs

https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/comments/364s5w/how_i_learned_rails_from_absolute_scratch_and_got/

### Tips on becoming a Ruby expert

https://www.reddit.com/r/ruby/comments/2zlcyc/tips_on_becoming_a_ruby_expert/

### Reddit

https://www.reddit.com/r/ruby/

https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/

### Get better by getting your hands dirty with ruby in codefights

https://codefights.com/

https://www.codewars.com/

---

## Channels and videos

https://www.youtube.com/user/RailscastsReloaded

https://gorails.com/

https://www.driftingruby.com

https://www.codemy.net/channels/rails-foundation

https://rubythursday.com/start-here

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxlRo6PM3QmRWJa-HTA0tMg

https://www.youtube.com/user/Confreaks

---

## Books

### API on Rails

http://apionrails.icalialabs.com/book/chapter_one

### Ruby on Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl

https://www.railstutorial.org/book

### The Well-Grounded Rubyist 2nd Edition

https://www.amazon.com/Well-Grounded-Rubyist-David-Black/dp/1617291692

---

## Articles


### What we learned from Google: code reviews aren’t just for catching bugs :

http://blog.fullstory.com/2016/04/code-reviews-arent-just-for-catching-bugs/


###  Slack on rails :

https://viget.com/extend/slack-on-rails


###  How Bundler Works: A History of Ruby Dependency Management :

http://www.cloudcity.io/blog/2015/07/10/how-bundler-works-a-history-of-ruby-dependency-management/


### Know more about ruby gems :

http://technopadia.com/ruby-gems/


### Use scope with associations :

http://ducktypelabs.com/using-scope-with-associations/


### Deployement testing cycle :

https://workshop.masterofcode.com/three-phases-deployment-testing-cycle/

### How to test rails application :

https://robots.thoughtbot.com/how-we-test-rails-applications


### Best ROR refactoring talks :

https://infinum.co/the-capsized-eight/articles/best-ruby-on-rails-refactoring-talks


### Serializer

http://www.sitepoint.com/active-model-serializers-rails-and-json-oh-my/


### Ruby operators: equality, comparison, pattern matching and ordering

http://www.zenruby.info/2016/05/ruby-operators-equality-comparison.html


### Ruby Object Model

https://www.sitepoint.com/get-the-low-down-on-ruby-modules/


### 50 Most Common Ruby on Rails Mistakes Beginner Developers Make

http://jetruby.com/expertise/common-ruby-rails-mistakes-beginners-make-model-database/


### A webserver vs. An App server on rails

http://www.justinweiss.com/articles/a-web-server-vs-an-app-server/

### The Last Rails I18n guide

https://phraseapp.com/blog/posts/last-rails-i18n-guide-youll-ever-need/


### Safer SQL: Using ActiveRecord Transactions

http://vaidehijoshi.github.io/blog/2015/08/18/safer-sql-using-activerecord-transactions/


### Rails Asset Pipeline Best Practices

https://launchschool.com/blog/rails-asset-pipeline-best-practices


### Storing data with redis 

http://www.mikeperham.com/2015/09/24/storing-data-with-redis/


### Is Ruby interpreted or compiled ?

http://patshaughnessy.net/2012/2/15/is-ruby-interpreted-or-compiled


### The Many Interpreters and Runtimes of the Ruby Programming Language

https://www.toptal.com/ruby/the-many-shades-of-the-ruby-programming-language


### AngularJS and Ruby on Rails Tutorial

https://www.nopio.com/blog/angularjs-tutorial/


### 10 Ruby on Rails Best Practices

https://www.sitepoint.com/10-ruby-on-rails-best-practices-3/


### Improving Rails Performance with Better Background Jobs

https://blog.codeship.com/improving-rails-performance-better-background-jobs/


### Keeping Data Integrity in Check: Conditional Unique Indexes for Soft Delete

https://karolgalanciak.com/blog/2016/11/01/keeping-data-integrity-in-check-conditional-unique-indexes-for-soft-delete/


### DRY Off Your Rails Code with ActiveSupport::Concerns

https://www.sitepoint.com/dry-off-your-rails-code-with-activesupportconcerns/


### Rails Database Best Practices

http://blog.carbonfive.com/2016/11/16/rails-database-best-practices/


### Scaling Ruby on Rails by Caching your database queries

http://codebeerstartups.com/2014/11/scaling-ruby-on-rails-by-caching-your-database-queries/


### 11 Ruby Tricks You Haven’t Seen 

http://www.blackbytes.info/2016/01/ruby-tricks/?utm_source=rubyweekly&utm_medium=email


### Geocoder: Display Maps and Find Places in Rails

https://www.sitepoint.com/geocoder-display-maps-and-find-places-in-rails/


### How to globally disable rdoc and ri during gem installs

http://blog.honeybadger.io/how-to-globally-disable-rdoc-and-ri-during-gem-installs/


### Update Your Gems Early and Often

https://gemnasium.com/


### try(), try() again in Rails

https://everydayrails.com/2011/04/28/rails-try-method.html


### Getting It Right - Rails Setup

http://tech.honestbee.com/articles/ruby%20on%20rails/2017-01/getting-your-rails-setup-right


### Rails API Testing Best Practices

http://matthewlehner.net/rails-api-testing-guidelines/


### Duck typing vs type safety in Ruby

http://solnic.eu/2016/11/02/duck-typing-vs-type-safety-in-ruby.html


### Faster Rails: How to Check if a Record Exists

http://semaphoreci.com/blog/2017/03/14/faster-rails-how-to-check-if-a-record-exists.html


### Visualizing Garbage Collection Algorithms

https://spin.atomicobject.com/2014/09/03/visualizing-garbage-collection-algorithms/


### Deploy Your Rails App to AWS using Capistrano, Puma and Nginx 

https://www.sitepoint.com/deploy-your-rails-app-to-aws/

---

## Blogs

http://www.schneems.com/

http://www.mikeperham.com/

http://rubyofftherails.blogspot.com.br/

http://blog.honeybadger.io/ruby/

https://robots.thoughtbot.com/tags/rails

https://signalvnoise.com/posts/

https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/help/rails.html

https://railsforum.com/

http://www.rubyflow.com/

http://ruby.libhunt.com/

http://blog.fullstory.com/

https://www.sitepoint.com/ruby/

http://ducktypelabs.com/

https://thesocietea.org/blog/


---

# Rails talks

### DHH railsconf 2014

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LfmrkyP81M

### RailsConf 2016 - Opening Day 3 Keynote by Aaron Patterson

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMFs9DTympQ

### Interview: David Heinemeier Hansson (DHH) on Rails performance and speed

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktZLpjCanvg

### DHH and the best people to hire are not in San Francisco

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Xxie10Qns

### Why the founder of Rails rejects 80% of Software Engineer applicants

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf6abZeAJh4

### RailsConf 2015 - Deploy and Manage Ruby on Rails Apps on AWS

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQoYTeGJYf4

### RailsConf 2015 - The power of cache in a slow world

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuKn65E8T3w

### Rails Conf 2013 Cache=Cash! by Stefan Wintermeyer

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uKxDVflXdI

### RubyConf 2016 - Halve Your Memory Usage With These 12 Weird Tricks

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZcqyuPeDao

### How to Be A Successful Ruby on Rails Developer

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d54B3G-CPbo

### Redis Basics

https://www.driftingruby.com/episodes/redis-basics

---


# Gems


### Authentication:

https://github.com/plataformatec/devise/

### Authorization:

https://github.com/elabs/pundit

### Search:

https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/ransack

https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-rails


### Logging:

https://github.com/ankane/ahoy


### Testing:

https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails

https://github.com/colszowka/simplecov

https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara

### Debugging:

https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug

https://github.com/rweng/pry-rails

https://github.com/michaeldv/awesome_print


### Production:

https://github.com/capistrano/capistrano

https://github.com/kickstarter/rack-attack


### BenchMarks:

https://github.com/schneems/derailed_benchmarks


### File upload:

https://github.com/carrierwaveuploader/carrierwave


### SpreadSheets gems:

https://github.com/roo-rb/roo

https://github.com/zdavatz/spreadsheet

https://github.com/weshatheleopard/rubyXL

https://github.com/mikemarsian/serially

### Output generation
#### PDF generation
Prawn lets you specify PDF output in great detail. You have full control over what
is in the PDF output which you can specify with a DSL. Very very flexible way of
generating PDF.

https://github.com/cortiz/prawn-rails

and for information on how to specifiy the PDF content see:

https://github.com/prawnpdf/prawn

#### HTML to PDF conversion
wicked_pdf is a converter from HTML to PDF. It does have the drawbacks of HTML for example page numbering to mention something.

https://github.com/mileszs/wicked_pdf

wicked_pdf is a wrapper for wkhtmltopdf, you'll need to install that, too.

### Preformance:

https://github.com/gregnavis/active_record_doctor


---

## Open source projects:

### Huginn

https://github.com/cantino/huginn

### Testing automation 

https://github.com/atinfo/awesome-test-automation

---

## Libraries:

### Scientist

https://github.com/github/scientist

### Peek

https://github.com/peek/peek

### Sunspot

https://github.com/sunspot/sunspot

---

## Tools: 

### Postman

https://www.getpostman.com/

---

## Development tools

The following is hardly a limitative list of products and tools.

### Integrated Development Environments

#### RubyMine

https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/ - this is an actively developed cross-platform plugin-based IDE derived from their IntelliJ IDEA product that runs
on macOS, a number of linux distrubtions and on Windows. The people at JetBrains are pretty responsive to their user community. 
It's possible to try out their IDE for 30 days, after that you have to buy a license from them. 
Has excellent support for Ruby and for Rails just to mention a few. It's possible to
add functionality by installing from a large collection of plugins.

### Editors with support for programming languages and frameworks

#### Sublime Text

http://www.sublimetext.com/ - really a super fast cross-platform package-based editor. Runs on 
macOS, a number of linux distrubtions and on Windows. Their package system is based on Python. Sublime Text is able to support a large number of languages and dialects. 

#### Atom

http://atom.io/ - Open-source JavaScript package-based cross-platform editor that is easily hackable to adjust it to your taste. Comes with a package manager.

#### Emacs

https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/ - Everything including the kitchensink.

#### Vim

https://vim.sourceforge.io - Open-source improved vi.


---


## Open Source Projects I'm working on:

### Github Sandbox

https://github.com/amrdruid/github_sandbox

### Twitter hashtag fetcher and responder:

https://github.com/amrdruid/twitter-hashtag-fetcher

---


## Misc:

### How to write the a good commit message :

http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

### Google Interview University

https://github.com/jwasham/google-interview-university

### Regexone

https://regexone.com/

---

## Gists:

### Testing models:

https://gist.github.com/kyletcarlson/6234923


### Ruby tricks:

https://github.com/franzejr/best-ruby


### MyGists:

https://github.com/franzejr/best-ruby

https://gist.github.com/amrdruid

https://gist.github.com/amrdruid/090fb5ec7be423e0325d49e76a4bb652

--

Commit message:

Adds two books for ruby

README.md, after:

# Druid-on-rails

![alt tag](http://media.indiedb.com/images/articles/1/172/171072/auto/druidarcher_o.gif)



### Here you will find links, code and hacks !

* [Summary](#summary)
  * [Interview Preparations for Rails jobs](#interview-preparations-for-rails-jobs)
  * [How to begin ROR](#how-to-begin-ror)
  * [Channels and videos](#channels-and-videos)
  * [Books](#books)
  * [Articles](#articles)
  * [Blogs](#blogs)
  * [Rails talks](#rails-talks)
  * [Gems](#gems)
  * [Open Source Projects](#open-source-projects)
  * [Libraries](#libraries)
  * [Tools](#tools)
  * [My Projects](#my-projects)
  * [Misc](#misc)
  * [Gists](#gists)


---

## Interview Preparations for Ruby/Rails jobs

### Do Mock Interviews on Pramp - using ruby

https://pramp.com/

### RUBY ON RAILS Interview Questions That Will Land You The Job!

http://blog.mypath.io/ruby-on-rails-interview-questions-that-will-land-you-the-job/

### Ruby online test

https://www.testdome.com/tests/ruby-online-test/52

### RubyConf 2015 - The Art of Ruby Technical Interviews by Chris Mar

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZNfSQKC-Yk

---

## How to begin ROR


### Article: How I trained to learn rails 

https://medium.com/how-i-learned-ruby-rails/how-i-trained-to-learn-rails-e08c94e2a51e#.hb64getuy


### Article : How I finally learned to build stuff with Rails

https://medium.com/ruby-on-rails/how-i-finally-learned-rails-95e9b832675b#.wkzetkhty

### Reddit post: How I learned Rails from absolute scratch — and got to the point where I get offered jobs

https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/comments/364s5w/how_i_learned_rails_from_absolute_scratch_and_got/

### Tips on becoming a Ruby expert

https://www.reddit.com/r/ruby/comments/2zlcyc/tips_on_becoming_a_ruby_expert/

### Reddit

https://www.reddit.com/r/ruby/

https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/

### Get better by getting your hands dirty with ruby in codefights

https://codefights.com/

https://www.codewars.com/

---

## Channels and videos

https://www.youtube.com/user/RailscastsReloaded

https://gorails.com/

https://www.driftingruby.com

https://www.codemy.net/channels/rails-foundation

https://rubythursday.com/start-here

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxlRo6PM3QmRWJa-HTA0tMg

https://www.youtube.com/user/Confreaks

---

## Books

### API on Rails

http://apionrails.icalialabs.com/book/chapter_one

### Ruby on Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl

https://www.railstutorial.org/book

### The Well-Grounded Rubyist 2nd Edition

https://www.amazon.com/Well-Grounded-Rubyist-David-Black/dp/1617291692

### Practical Object-Oriented Design in Ruby: An Agile Primer

https://www.amazon.com/Practical-Object-Oriented-Design-Ruby-Addison-Wesley-ebook/dp/B0096BYG7C/

### Effective Ruby: 48 Specific Ways to Write Better Ruby

https://www.amazon.com/Effective-Ruby-Specific-Software-Development-ebook/dp/B00NEOERH6/


---

## Articles


### What we learned from Google: code reviews aren’t just for catching bugs :

http://blog.fullstory.com/2016/04/code-reviews-arent-just-for-catching-bugs/


###  Slack on rails :

https://viget.com/extend/slack-on-rails


###  How Bundler Works: A History of Ruby Dependency Management :

http://www.cloudcity.io/blog/2015/07/10/how-bundler-works-a-history-of-ruby-dependency-management/


### Know more about ruby gems :

http://technopadia.com/ruby-gems/


### Use scope with associations :

http://ducktypelabs.com/using-scope-with-associations/


### Deployement testing cycle :

https://workshop.masterofcode.com/three-phases-deployment-testing-cycle/

### How to test rails application :

https://robots.thoughtbot.com/how-we-test-rails-applications


### Best ROR refactoring talks :

https://infinum.co/the-capsized-eight/articles/best-ruby-on-rails-refactoring-talks


### Serializer

http://www.sitepoint.com/active-model-serializers-rails-and-json-oh-my/


### Ruby operators: equality, comparison, pattern matching and ordering

http://www.zenruby.info/2016/05/ruby-operators-equality-comparison.html


### Ruby Object Model

https://www.sitepoint.com/get-the-low-down-on-ruby-modules/


### 50 Most Common Ruby on Rails Mistakes Beginner Developers Make

http://jetruby.com/expertise/common-ruby-rails-mistakes-beginners-make-model-database/


### A webserver vs. An App server on rails

http://www.justinweiss.com/articles/a-web-server-vs-an-app-server/

### The Last Rails I18n guide

https://phraseapp.com/blog/posts/last-rails-i18n-guide-youll-ever-need/


### Safer SQL: Using ActiveRecord Transactions

http://vaidehijoshi.github.io/blog/2015/08/18/safer-sql-using-activerecord-transactions/


### Rails Asset Pipeline Best Practices

https://launchschool.com/blog/rails-asset-pipeline-best-practices


### Storing data with redis 

http://www.mikeperham.com/2015/09/24/storing-data-with-redis/


### Is Ruby interpreted or compiled ?

http://patshaughnessy.net/2012/2/15/is-ruby-interpreted-or-compiled


### The Many Interpreters and Runtimes of the Ruby Programming Language

https://www.toptal.com/ruby/the-many-shades-of-the-ruby-programming-language


### AngularJS and Ruby on Rails Tutorial

https://www.nopio.com/blog/angularjs-tutorial/


### 10 Ruby on Rails Best Practices

https://www.sitepoint.com/10-ruby-on-rails-best-practices-3/


### Improving Rails Performance with Better Background Jobs

https://blog.codeship.com/improving-rails-performance-better-background-jobs/


### Keeping Data Integrity in Check: Conditional Unique Indexes for Soft Delete

https://karolgalanciak.com/blog/2016/11/01/keeping-data-integrity-in-check-conditional-unique-indexes-for-soft-delete/


### DRY Off Your Rails Code with ActiveSupport::Concerns

https://www.sitepoint.com/dry-off-your-rails-code-with-activesupportconcerns/


### Rails Database Best Practices

http://blog.carbonfive.com/2016/11/16/rails-database-best-practices/


### Scaling Ruby on Rails by Caching your database queries

http://codebeerstartups.com/2014/11/scaling-ruby-on-rails-by-caching-your-database-queries/


### 11 Ruby Tricks You Haven’t Seen 

http://www.blackbytes.info/2016/01/ruby-tricks/?utm_source=rubyweekly&utm_medium=email


### Geocoder: Display Maps and Find Places in Rails

https://www.sitepoint.com/geocoder-display-maps-and-find-places-in-rails/


### How to globally disable rdoc and ri during gem installs

http://blog.honeybadger.io/how-to-globally-disable-rdoc-and-ri-during-gem-installs/


### Update Your Gems Early and Often

https://gemnasium.com/


### try(), try() again in Rails

https://everydayrails.com/2011/04/28/rails-try-method.html


### Getting It Right - Rails Setup

http://tech.honestbee.com/articles/ruby%20on%20rails/2017-01/getting-your-rails-setup-right


### Rails API Testing Best Practices

http://matthewlehner.net/rails-api-testing-guidelines/


### Duck typing vs type safety in Ruby

http://solnic.eu/2016/11/02/duck-typing-vs-type-safety-in-ruby.html


### Faster Rails: How to Check if a Record Exists

http://semaphoreci.com/blog/2017/03/14/faster-rails-how-to-check-if-a-record-exists.html


### Visualizing Garbage Collection Algorithms

https://spin.atomicobject.com/2014/09/03/visualizing-garbage-collection-algorithms/


### Deploy Your Rails App to AWS using Capistrano, Puma and Nginx 

https://www.sitepoint.com/deploy-your-rails-app-to-aws/

---

## Blogs

http://www.schneems.com/

http://www.mikeperham.com/

http://rubyofftherails.blogspot.com.br/

http://blog.honeybadger.io/ruby/

https://robots.thoughtbot.com/tags/rails

https://signalvnoise.com/posts/

https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/help/rails.html

https://railsforum.com/

http://www.rubyflow.com/

http://ruby.libhunt.com/

http://blog.fullstory.com/

https://www.sitepoint.com/ruby/

http://ducktypelabs.com/

https://thesocietea.org/blog/


---

# Rails talks

### DHH railsconf 2014

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LfmrkyP81M

### RailsConf 2016 - Opening Day 3 Keynote by Aaron Patterson

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMFs9DTympQ

### Interview: David Heinemeier Hansson (DHH) on Rails performance and speed

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktZLpjCanvg

### DHH and the best people to hire are not in San Francisco

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Xxie10Qns

### Why the founder of Rails rejects 80% of Software Engineer applicants

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf6abZeAJh4

### RailsConf 2015 - Deploy and Manage Ruby on Rails Apps on AWS

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQoYTeGJYf4

### RailsConf 2015 - The power of cache in a slow world

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuKn65E8T3w

### Rails Conf 2013 Cache=Cash! by Stefan Wintermeyer

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uKxDVflXdI

### RubyConf 2016 - Halve Your Memory Usage With These 12 Weird Tricks

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZcqyuPeDao

### How to Be A Successful Ruby on Rails Developer

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d54B3G-CPbo

### Redis Basics

https://www.driftingruby.com/episodes/redis-basics

---


# Gems


### Authentication:

https://github.com/plataformatec/devise/

### Authorization:

https://github.com/elabs/pundit

### Search:

https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/ransack

https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-rails


### Logging:

https://github.com/ankane/ahoy


### Testing:

https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails

https://github.com/colszowka/simplecov

https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara

### Debugging:

https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug

https://github.com/rweng/pry-rails

https://github.com/michaeldv/awesome_print


### Production:

https://github.com/capistrano/capistrano

https://github.com/kickstarter/rack-attack


### BenchMarks:

https://github.com/schneems/derailed_benchmarks


### File upload:

https://github.com/carrierwaveuploader/carrierwave


### SpreadSheets gems:

https://github.com/roo-rb/roo

https://github.com/zdavatz/spreadsheet

https://github.com/weshatheleopard/rubyXL

https://github.com/mikemarsian/serially

### Output generation
#### PDF generation
Prawn lets you specify PDF output in great detail. You have full control over what
is in the PDF output which you can specify with a DSL. Very very flexible way of
generating PDF.

https://github.com/cortiz/prawn-rails

and for information on how to specifiy the PDF content see:

https://github.com/prawnpdf/prawn

#### HTML to PDF conversion
wicked_pdf is a converter from HTML to PDF. It does have the drawbacks of HTML for example page numbering to mention something.

https://github.com/mileszs/wicked_pdf

wicked_pdf is a wrapper for wkhtmltopdf, you'll need to install that, too.

### Preformance:

https://github.com/gregnavis/active_record_doctor


---

## Open source projects:

### Huginn

https://github.com/cantino/huginn

### Testing automation 

https://github.com/atinfo/awesome-test-automation

---

## Libraries:

### Scientist

https://github.com/github/scientist

### Peek

https://github.com/peek/peek

### Sunspot

https://github.com/sunspot/sunspot

---

## Tools: 

### Postman

https://www.getpostman.com/

---

## Development tools

The following is hardly a limitative list of products and tools.

### Integrated Development Environments

#### RubyMine

https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/ - this is an actively developed cross-platform plugin-based IDE derived from their IntelliJ IDEA product that runs
on macOS, a number of linux distrubtions and on Windows. The people at JetBrains are pretty responsive to their user community. 
It's possible to try out their IDE for 30 days, after that you have to buy a license from them. 
Has excellent support for Ruby and for Rails just to mention a few. It's possible to
add functionality by installing from a large collection of plugins.

### Editors with support for programming languages and frameworks

#### Sublime Text

http://www.sublimetext.com/ - really a super fast cross-platform package-based editor. Runs on 
macOS, a number of linux distrubtions and on Windows. Their package system is based on Python. Sublime Text is able to support a large number of languages and dialects. 

#### Atom

http://atom.io/ - Open-source JavaScript package-based cross-platform editor that is easily hackable to adjust it to your taste. Comes with a package manager.

#### Emacs

https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/ - Everything including the kitchensink.

#### Vim

https://vim.sourceforge.io - Open-source improved vi.


---


## Open Source Projects I'm working on:

### Github Sandbox

https://github.com/amrdruid/github_sandbox

### Twitter hashtag fetcher and responder:

https://github.com/amrdruid/twitter-hashtag-fetcher

---


## Misc:

### How to write the a good commit message :

http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

### Google Interview University

https://github.com/jwasham/google-interview-university

### Regexone

https://regexone.com/

---

## Gists:

### Testing models:

https://gist.github.com/kyletcarlson/6234923


### Ruby tricks:

https://github.com/franzejr/best-ruby


### MyGists:

https://github.com/franzejr/best-ruby

https://gist.github.com/amrdruid

https://gist.github.com/amrdruid/090fb5ec7be423e0325d49e76a4bb652

--
